you
mechanization is of term used to
describe the technological innovations
in the agricultural sector that greatly
improved the production capacity on
farms
traditionally farmers of lead to prepare
land plant and harvest manually using
hoes ox carts and even sticks this
results in low yields costly human
capital loss of time and great
inconveniences traducido Yaya Lima
punani lumber flower extract de jambe
noir da da da da hua Vlado ulama ado
Anna pita alecha Papandrea johan de
pedro la cual Mita his 40 shillings
pamita nice char Bagh iguana Kamiya car
very Tatooine a nepeta ninja boy Dino an
abandoned in the corner to an Akuma la
materia bulimia I wanna panda gasps dog
Azad however it is through innovations
by organization like panic that can help
farmers leverage on technology by
minimizing their overheads and
increasing on profits this kind of
farming has to change we have to ensure
that we encourage and come up with
modern farming systems that will
encourage the youth to go back to funny
a major advantage of mechanization is
that it encourages large-scale
production for instance using this
cannot be compared to using this a joke
planter can do approximately 20 acres or
more depending on your speed and it will
cost you about twenty five thousand
shillings whereas for the same amount
you will need over twenty men for the
same job
using this Russian machine is more
advantageous than doing this
come up with a very simple mechanization
for the threshing and winnowing of
sorghum this in itself really help to
stop the wastage that we are seeing that
the farmer has been wasting a lot of
sorghum fresh meat on the on the other
on the soil it only costs you about
fifty five thousand shillings by
adopting and embracing such
technological innovations farmers can
realize quality produce and improve on
production and efficiency to keep a
dramatic at Inga to Naraku Lima Boozer
is an otter yattaman eligible in Guinea
there's a polymer to Patricia Polacco
engi that will revert in ecology Asia in
here to now what we're to not on Andrea
fishery
you